Please answer the below core-java Questions:

What is programing language?

A. Programming language is a formula language, which comprises a set of instructions used to produce
    various kind of out put.

What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
A. 1. The run time Interpeter. The defination of an interpeter is a person of a computer programer
    that people who speak different languages can cmmunicate.
    2. The applet viewer. Applet viewer is stand alone command line program from Sun to run Java
    applet.
    3. Debugger. Debugger the eclipse IDE java developer.



WWhat is IDEA?
A.Idea is a Java intregrated development environment(IDE) for developing computer software.

What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
1.Eclipse 2. Android Studio 3.BlueJ 4. jEdit 5. jGRASP.

Explain the entire java life cycle.
what is class?
A class, in the context of Java, are templates that are used to create objects.
What is object?
A Object is a combination of data and procedures working on the available data.

What is the entry point of an application?
The main method is the entry point of a Java application,
it will look for the main method with Object is a super class of any class by default.the signature of public static void main(String[]) .

Why main is static?
we use static sometime for user defined methods so that we need not to make objects.

Which class is the superclass of all classes?
Object is a super class of any class by default.
What is difference between path and classpath variables?
Path is an environment variable and Classpath is an environment variable
which is used by the Java compiler to find the path.
What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
Main difference is methods of a Java interface are implicitly abstract and cannot have implementations.
A Java abstract class can have instance methods that implements a default behavior.


Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it ?
No,There are two ways you can achieve this. 1) Either you extend / implement the
Abstract class / interface in a new class, create the object of this new class and
then use this object as per your need. 2) The Compiler allows you to create
anonymous objects of the interfaces in your code.

what is Access Specifier?
Access specifiers for classes or interfaces in Java.

What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP.
OOP concepts in Java are the main ideas behind Java's Object Oriented Programming.
OOP Define:
1.Encapsulation of data (getters and setters)
2.Class data
3.Inheritance

What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.
Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not?
What is method overloading and when it happens?
Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?
What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
What is final, finally and finalize?
What is a constructor ?
Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
What is "this" keyword in java ?
What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use?
What is JVM stand for ?
Is JVM platform independent?
What version of java are you using?
What is JAR stand for ?
What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
What is compile time and run time?
What is heap?
How java manage it's memory?
What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
What is Singleton class?
What is Serialization and Deserialization?
when to use transient variable in java?
Difference between while and do..while loop?
What is Enum?
What is Iterator?
Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
Why is String Immutable in Java?
What is constructor chaining in Java?
The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
What is JIT stands for?
Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
What is reflection in java and why is it useful?
what is multithreading in java?
What is the use of synchronization in Java?
What is Framework?
What are the testing Framework available in java?
Difference between jUnit and testNG?
What are the dependencies for this project?
what is dependency injection in java?
What is static binding and dynamic binding?









